1.1	Describe Datasets	3	DONE
Select one or more data sources that you wish to pull data from. Write a short description of the data you are planning to use, how the data is structured, and the required database tables and columns you will require. This description should also explain how data you pull from different sources are related or how you plan to integrate the different datasets. 

1.2	Database ERD	5	
Create an ERD diagram to document the schema of the database you plan on building for this project. This ERD should be based on your research from 1.1.

1.3	AR Models	3-8	DONE (8)
Use Rails to generate the Active Record models and tables required to store the data from the data sources described above. This might include any required join tables, as well as tables for related fake data generated using the Faker gem. Two tables are created and will be populated with data in 1.7.

1.4	At least one association between models.	3	DONE
Add an association to your ActiveRecord models to define at least one one-to-many or many-to-many relationship. (Associations must be used in 3.x or 4.x features.)

1.5	More associations.	3-8	DONE (8)
Add multiple ActiveRecord associations to your models. (These associations must be used in 3.x or 4.x features.)Two of more one-to-many associations.

1.6	Validations	5	DONE
Add two or more appropriate validations to all of your ActiveRecord models to ensure that the data you import into your tables will be valid.

1.7	1-3+ Data Source	3-8	DONE
write the seeds.rb script to pull in the data from your various sources into your database. You can use Faker as one of your data sources. Multiple CSV files and multiple endpoints from the same API will be considered separate data sources.  Data is pulled from a single data source. (Faker is 1 source) Data is pulled from two data sources. Data is pulled from three or more data sources.For feature 1.7 the minimum number of table rows populated by your seed script is 200 rows. By this I mean 200 including rows from all tables.

2.1	About Page	3	DONE
Your web application has an about page that includes the details about your data sources from 1.1 and optionally your ERD from 1.2.

2.2	Menu	5	DONE
There is a menu present on all pages that includes links to two or more locations. (For example, a menu with a link to your homepage and your about page.)

3.1	Collection Navigation	3	DONE
 There exists a way for the user to navigate through the data you’ve collected at a high level. (For example, table or list of the entire data collection.)

3.2	Member Pages	5	DONE
There exists a page (show?) for each of the individual entries of the data you have collected to display all the attributes of the collected data point.

3.3	Multi-model Data on Member Pages	5	DONE
On the individual entry pages (3.2) data pulled from associated models is also present. 

3.4	Hierarchical Collection Navigation	8	DONE
Data can be navigated by category or hierarchically based on a one-to-many or many-to-many relationship. (This means being able to navigate via a link back and forth between the “show” pages of your associations. For example, category “show” pages that link to the  “show” page of all items in that category, with the “show” pages of each item linking back to the “show” page of the item’s category.) 

4.1	Simple Search	3	DONE
 Users can use a simple form to perform a text search through the available data.

4.2	Hierarchical Search	5	DONE
A user’s search can be restricted to a specific category (or other one-to-many / many-to-many relationship) using a dropdown within the search form.

5.1	Valid HTML	3	
All HTML generated by your app validates as HTML5 with no errors.

5.2	 ERB Conditional	3	DONE
At least on1.2e of your ERB views includes a conditional (if or unless). Don’t use the Demo example, use your own!

5.3	Bootstrap Grid		5	DONE
You built your markup and styling around the Bootstrap or Bulma CSS frameworks (or a similar framework). At a minimum your layout should be built around your framework’s grid system. 

6.1	GIT and GitHub		3	DONE
You have configured git and github to keep your source under control with the ability to push from master to origin. 